+++
author = []
categories = []
date = 2020-01-24T08:00:00Z
featured_image = "/uploads/yooriblogwebsite.jpeg"
tags = []
title = "Who is Yoori Park?"
url = ""
[search_engine_optimization]
meta_description = ""
meta_title = ""

+++
I was thinking what should my first post be about? I was going to write about this famed Architect. But after doing some thinking, I decided to write about my story on my first post. I wanted to create this blog to write about Real Estate, the city of Los Angeles, the people of this city, and to inspire/encourage people because we are all going through something in our journey. Since, I write a lot on my instagram I decided to start this blog. =) (And I am not going to be grammatically correct on my blogs.)

Who’s Yoori Park?  
(This is not a bio about my accolades.)

I came here to Los Angeles over 10 years ago driving here from Washington State with my crappy small car. I’m thinking about it now how did I even drive that small car to LA? That car lasted well over 100,000 miles. I didn’t know the city very well, and I didn’t know that many people here. Moving was not easy. I lived in a tiny room in Mar Vista that could fit a twin size bed. At that time, I didn’t have that much money so I had to find the cheapest furniture. But honestly, I didn’t have much in the room. I just had one mattress on the floor, table, clothes, and a keyboard. I remember I needed one small table for the room so to find the cheapest one I had to drive far to get it. When I went to pick up the table I got a flat tire there… You have those days when one after the other keeps happening to you? Yes, I cried moving here, because in Seattle I knew many people that could help me and I knew Seattle very well. I knew where everything was and who to call. I was a human GPS haha (We didn’t have Waze or Yelp back then). But in LA I had to figure out everything on my own, and do things on my own. I had to figure this city out. I’m not going to lie it was tough. I was in LA over 10 years on my own, and things weren’t easily given to me in a silver platter. I am blessed that my family is close to me in LA now, the experiences, and the friendships I have here. Do I know Los Angeles? Yes I really do. I’ve been in all the parts of Los Angeles because I loved to explore and meet new people too. That is one of the reasons why I love LA. I call LA, the never ending city, because there is always something in LA. I also love LA, because of the different pockets of this city. Silver Lake is nothing like WeHo, West Hollywood is nothing like Studio City, DTLA is nothing like Santa Monica, and etc. There are so many different cultures and backgrounds in the city, and I can go to all the finest cuisines in Los Angeles of all different cultures.

I originally came here to fulfill my music career. I first worked in the record labels, and was pursuing my music. At that time is when YouTube was starting, and many singers jumped in the bandwagon of YouTube, but I really didn’t feel like it was for me. And I wasn’t happy working in the record labels on the business side, because I wanted to create. As I was pursuing music I was thinking there’s no place for me. People trying to tell me to be someone I wasn’t. People controlling me thinking this is what was best for me in my career in music. So I let it go. When you’re young you are still figuring out your identity and who you are. I know I didn’t know about myself. I was confused after I let a big part of who I was go, my life in music. I never stopped working though, and along the way I met a casting director who told me to pursue acting. Which I did, but my unsupportive ex-boyfriend at that time told me it was a joke and did not like it. He was upset I had a scene with someone (that was not a big deal) who is now famous. You might have seen him on tv shows and in movies. So, eventually the passion for being an artist slowly went away at that time. I definitely had many different jobs trying to figure out what I wanted to do. Have you experienced this in your life? You didn’t know what you wanted to do. You don’t need to when you really don’t know. Don’t force it. The best times are the times you are exploring different things. You’ll know what you don’t like or like. You’ll meet so many different people along the way. Anything can happen. It will lead you to where you’re supposed to be. It’s okay if you make mistakes or fail. It’s all valuable lessons. And it’s definitely not easy recognizing that. I had so many different jobs, because I had to survive in LA. All my work experiences led me being a Real Estate Agent. It all prepared me to where I want to be. I never thought this is a field I would get into. But eventually it led me here, and yes I do love what I do. I am a business woman and a creative/artist. And in real estate I can use all of that. I was in sales for many years, and finally I get to do what I love. I love homes being renovated, marketing, designs, negotiating, using my skills, meeting new clients, making wonderful friendships, and etc.

From my experiences from being in sales and customers service for so many years I believe there are TWO TYPES of Salespeople. There are definitely more, but lets stick with two. One sales person is someone I never liked. Someone who wants a deal who says what you want to hear, lies to get your sales, who doesn’t care about client(s) but only cares about the numbers. I have experienced it myself too. We all have. The other salesperson is the complete opposite. Some people asked how did you become one of the top producing sales person in your companies? Because for me it wasn’t about the sale. When my Father moved from Korea to America the one thing he lacked was that he couldn’t speak the language very well. Some people took advantage of that. I wish he never went through that. It hurt me see him go through it. I was too young to help him even though I spoke in English. Now, as years have gone by I am able to do what I couldn’t before. It made me realize that I want to help and serve people. It makes me happy that I can help people that needs my service – in real estate. I can use my extensive knowledge, my skills, and etc that they need, and I am there for my clients knowing that they can fully TRUST me. That is very important to me. What I was grateful for was the many great relationships I’ve made along the way, and that was very rewarding. Not only that I love seeing my clients happy. I want each and one of my clients/future clients to know that they are truly in good hands and know I am there for them. Most importantly, I can get the job done in excellence.

(One thing I would like to add is there is one thing I know in life. Is that all those experiences and everything you learned will all be useful now and in the near future. There are stepping stones and connected dots to your path.)

Your Realtor,  
Yoori